Reverse Market Making 
A decentralized quantum finance liquidity solution for NFTs, where holders can sell their NFTs directly to a smart contract, eliminating the need for exchanges based peer-to-peer sales such as OpenSea


















The history repeats itself
 
market uptrend  2017 
One of the main reasons for the 2017 market uptrend         was token projects that increased interest and investment from retail investors and individuals.
However those token holders faced limited liquidity as the options for selling their tokens were dependent on exchanges based peer-to-peer (P2P) sales. This meant that if a project was not listed on an exchange or there were not enough buyers, token holders were unable to easily liquidate their holdings 
 
market uptrend 2019 
One of the main reasons for the 2019 market uptrend was the creation of Automated Market Making (AMM) and Decentralized exchanges (DEX) that lay the ground for decentralized finance (DeFi). 
During that bul rum token holders had UNLIMITED liquidity thanks to the AMM solution that lay the ground for Decentralized Exchanges based Peer-to-Contract based (such Uniswap). The AMM solution allows projects to act as market makers and deposit funds into a smart contract. Investors can then sell their tokens back to the smart contract in exchange for a market maker fee (or slippage).
 
market uptrend 2021
One of the main reasons for the 2021 market uptrend was the creation of NFT tokens that allow again investments by retail investors and individuals without the security low limitations.
However those NFT holders, exactly like the token of bul run 2017, face limited liquidity as their only options for selling NFTs are dependent on NFT exchanges based peer-to-peer sales (such Opensea). This means that if an NFT is not listed on an exchange or there are not enough buyers, NFT holders may have difficulty liquidating their holdings.
 
What will drive the NEXT market uptrend and beyond?
Qwantum Finance Labs has developed a revolutionary solution for NFT holders known as Reverse Market Making (RMM), which offers the world's first UNLIMITED liquidity option. RMM lays the foundation for decentralized NFT exchanges based on peer-to-contract transactions, such as NFTmx. Investors can act as market makers by keeping their purchasing funds in the Liquidity Protection smart contract. NFT buyers have the option to either sell their NFTs to new buyers or reverse the sale back to the smart contract and get a full refund in exchange for market making fees (slippage).


Reverse Market Making 
Reverse Market Making (RMM) is a liquidity solution that was designed to boost the non-fungible token (NFT) industry in a similar way to how Automated Market Making (AMM) has helped the cryptocurrency market during the 2019 market uptrend. AMM has been used by decentralized exchanges (DEXs) such as Uniswap and Pancakeswap to provide liquidity to brand new projects from the start, without the barriers of traditional centralized exchanges (CEXs). It has also paved the way for the development of new lending, options, and derivative protocols, which are now an important part of the decentralized financial ecosystem.
RMM works by creating instant liquidity for any NFT through a smart contract, without the need for a counterparty buyer. It allows buyers to reverse their trade back to the smart contract like it was a refund or cancellation order, while the seller acts as the market maker and benefits from the trade-off regardless of the outcome. This liquidity solution provides protection for buyers during the period of liquidity protection.


100% Liquidity protection
NFTs and NFT collections can be difficult to trade due to scalability issues, limited liquidity, and higher risks for investors. These risks are exacerbated by bad actors who promote assets through manipulating their value and demand using fake wallets, and the lack of a guarantee of liquidity for sellers.
To address these issues, NFT.mx designed a 100% liquidity protection solution for buyers. This means that sellers can act as market makers by offering buyers protection for a certain period of time, during which buyers have the option to return the NFT to the smart contract and receive back the exact protected value in the same tokens that they invested with. This protection is available regardless of market conditions, helping to reduce risk for buyers and make it easier for them to trade NFTs.[1]


example 
Bob seeks to sell his NFT for $1,000 while simultaneously earning a reward for acting as a market maker for future buyers. He employs Reverse Market Making (RMM) to provide the future buyer with complete liquidity protection for 90 days, in exchange for a 5% slippage fee in case of cancellation. This ensures that even in the event of a canceled sale, Bob still earns a 5% profit over 90 days, equating to a 20% annual percentage yield (APY).
 
Lisa decides to purchase Bob's NFT for $1,000 and transfers her funds to a Liquidity Protection smart contract acting as a safeguard. If Lisa finalizes the transaction, she will only have to pay the base price of $1,000 to Bob. However, if market conditions deteriorate or if Lisa is unable to resell the NFT, she has the option to reverse the transaction and receive a full refund of her funds, minus any applicable fees and slippage.


Earning from making the market
Sellers who act as market makers utilizing the RMM have the opportunity to earn rewards in two ways: through slippage and by leveraging staking.
Slippage reward
Slippage reward is a form of compensation that sellers can request in exchange for offering a liquidity protection period. The amount of slippage is disclosed to and agreed upon by the buyer before the transaction takes place, and it is fixed rather than being unpredictable like it is on some decentralized exchanges (DEXs).
Leveraging staking 
Alternatively or in addition to slippage, sellers can offer buyers low or even zero slippage in exchange for the opportunity to leverage the buyer's funds on a third-party decentralized protocol to generate passive income through annual percentage yield (APY). This can reduce the cost for the buyer to zero and provide the seller with enough reward to justify acting as a market maker. In both cases, the initial principal from the purchase is secured in a smart contract vault and is not sent to the seller until the sale is finalized.[2]
Benefits for sellers and buyers utilizing RMM
There are several benefits for both sellers and buyers to utilize the RMM solution. Sellers can potentially increase their conversion rate and provide equal opportunities to new and unknown NFT creators by offering liquidity protection. They can also earn rewards as market makers regardless of the sale outcome, and if they choose to leverage staking, they can keep any APY staking rewards earned. This earning while selling concept is similar to a traditional lease-to-own concept in the real estate industry.
Buyers, on the other hand, can hedge their investments and explore higher-risk and potentially lucrative new opportunities with the knowledge that they can always reverse the trade back to the smart contract like it was a cancellation or refund without any tax triggers if they are unable to sell the NFT to a new buyer. If a buyer agrees to a slippage reward, they will only pay it if they cancel the transaction and receive a full refund. If the seller is leveraging staking, the buyer does not have to pay anything in exchange for the liquidity protection; instead, the seller is paid by a third-party decentralized staking protocol such as Curve, Venus, or Yearn Finance.


Comparing example for seller
OpenSea peer-to-peer (P2P) marketplace
Bob has 1,000 NFT assets for sale at $1,000 each, totaling $1,000,000. Bob lists his assets on OpenSea and has a 5% conversion sale rate, meaning he receives $50,000 for selling his NFT assets, while the remaining $950,000 worth of assets do not sell.


NFTmx peer-to-contract (P2C) decentralized exchange 
Bob has the same 1,000 NFT assets for sale at $1,000 each, totaling $1,000,000. Bob lists his assets with liquidity protection for 365 days, and while his assets are under liquidity protection, he has a 95% cancellation rate (meaning the actual sale rate is only 5%, like on OpenSea). Bob receives $50,000 for selling his NFT assets, plus an additional $95,000 from generating around 10% slippage or APY over the $950,000 worth of assets that did not sell. This means Bob's total reward is 290% more than on a peer-to-peer marketplace like OpenSea.


Comparing example for buyer
OpenSea - Peer-to-Peer (P2P) 
-          Lisa purchased NFT for $1,000 
-          Lisa can’t find a buyer for her NFT and she left with zero sum game. Meaning the $1000 
NFT has no value.
NFTmx  - Peer-to-Contract  (P2C)
-          Lisa purchased NFT for $1,000 
-          Lisa can’t find a buyer for her NFT so she return it back to the liquidity protection smart 
contract and get a full 100% refund (minus NFTmx 2.5% transaction fee and pre agreed slippage if exist) if Lisa agreed to liquidity leverage instead of slippage reward, then lisa will get all her investment back fully (minus NFTmx 2.5% transaction fee)




Liquidity protection process
The liquidity protection process is a way for sellers to offer buyers protection against potential losses that may occur when buying and selling assets. The process involves the use of non-fungible tokens (NFTs) to represent the protection offered to buyers.
Step 1 - Offering
sellers offer buyers 100% liquidity protection for a specified number of days, and select a reward for the protection based on slippage or leverage staking.


Step 2 - Selection
buyers can select an NFT that provides the desired liquidity protection and reward.


Step 3 - Sale and protection period
The slippage reward is sent to the seller immediately and is non-refundable. The funds covered by the liquidity protection are locked in a smart contract and, if the seller has offered liquidity protection with leverage staking, are also transferred to decentralized protocols like yearn.finance or Venus to generate passive annual percentage yield (APY) as a reward for the seller.


Step 4 - Buyer revokes liquidity protection
buyers have the option to revoke the liquidity protection by returning the NFT to the seller's liquidity protection smart contract. This triggers a full refund of the protected funds in the original token used by the buyer. If the transaction included leverage staking, the seller will receive the APY market making rewards and the buyer will receive their protected funds from the decentralized protocols in the form of a wrapped token (such as cUSDC or vUSDC).
Alternatively, if the NFT is not returned to the liquidity protection contract during the protection period, the seller can claim payment from the smart contract once the period expires, indicating a successful sale.
Seller use case 
-       Imagine a seller of 1,000 different NFTs
-       The seller offers all 1,000 NFTs for $1,000 each (worth $1,000,000 total)
Thos NFT are protected by liquidity protection in exchange for leveraging staking or fix slippage
-       Once received, the $1,000,000 received by the contract, it is automatically sent to Venus and/or yearn.finance with an average 10% APY or stay in the vault in exchange for immediate fixed slippage of let’s say 10%
-       During the protection period 95% of the NFT are canceled and 5% are sold
-       For the 5% NFTs sold, the seller receives the full payment of $50K and the buyer receives back the NFT’s
-       The funds for the remaining 95% of the NFT’s that were canceled are returned to the buyer and the NFTs to the seller.
-       During this period, the seller generated APY above the $1,000,000 value of the NFTs, equal to $100,000
-       The total profit for the seller is $150,000 ($50,000 for the sold NFTs + $100,000 reward) representing 300% ROI over 50K sold NFT supply.


Example of cancellation 
Bob purchases an NFT from the creator for $100, with a 100-day liquidity protection, in exchange for a 5% slippage.


Lisa then purchases the same NFT from Bob for $200, with a 90-day liquidity protection, in exchange for a 10% slippage (Bob is instantly compensated for this slippage). 


Mitch then purchases the NFT from Lisa for $400, with a 60-day liquidity protection, in exchange for a 2% slippage (Lisa is instantly compensated for this slippage).


After 30 days, Mitch cancels his purchase and receives a full refund of $400 minus the slippage and fees. The NFT is returned to Lisa, and the system automatically relists it for resale under the same terms as before. If no new buyer is found, Lisa has the option to keep the NFT or trigger her liquidity protection and return it to Bob, in exchange for a full refund of $200 minus the slippage and fees. Once Bob receives the NFT, the system automatically relists it for resale under the same terms as before. If it remains unsold, Bob has the option to keep it or trigger the liquidity protection and return it to the creator in exchange for  full refund of $100 minus the slippage and fees.


In this scenario, none of the buyers in the liquidity protection layers are exposed to any principal loss. At the same time, each buyer who acts as a seller is rewarded as a market-making via slippage compensation, including the creator.




Example of completion
Bob purchases an NFT from the creator for $100, with a 100-day liquidity protection, in exchange for a 5% slippage.


Lisa then purchases the same NFT from Bob for $200, with a 90-day liquidity protection, in exchange for a 10% slippage (Bob is instantly compensated for this slippage). 


Mitch then purchases the NFT from Lisa for $400, with a 60-day liquidity protection, in exchange for a 2% slippage (Lisa is instantly compensated for this slippage).


After 60 days have passed, the liquidity protection for Mitch has expired. As a result, Mitch retains the NFT and all the sellers, including the creator, can claim their sales profits from the smart contract.
Quantum Finance 
Quantum finance is a new way of solving financial problems that uses ideas from quantum physics. It's different from traditional methods because it allows for multiple possibilities instead of just two positions that usually lead to a zero-sum game.
The RMM applies quantum finance principles in a way that allows investors to simultaneously hold two contradictory positions: one as a buyer and owner of an NFT, and another as a non-buyer and non-owner. This allows investors to potentially profit from their investments and then decide whether to finalize the transaction as a buyer or walk away, depending on how the market develops.
Although quantum finance is a relatively new field, the team behind RMM believes that it has the potential to revolutionize the way we think about finance and investment. They are proud to be among the first to bring this concept to the blockchain.
RMM Projects 
Qwantum Finance Labs has developed several sister projects that utilize similar RMM technology, each project is focused on a different industry, such as the Metaverse, Music, Movies, Gaming, and VTubers






 
________________
[1] Using liquidity protection to receive principal funds back may not be considered a taxable event, but it is recommended to consult local tax professionals. Qwantum Finance Labs makes no warranties on tax or legal simulations.
[2]  Using a third-party staking protocol can carry the risk of losing funds if the provider goes out of business. Additionally, the APY generated from these protocols can be subject to change based on their terms. Qwantum Finance Lab is not vouchesing for the safety and financial strength of these protocols, stake at your own risk..