SMARTSWAP


































































Zero Volatility
One-Click Cross-Chain
Two-click Bitcoin Cross-chain
Forex Killer
Unlimited and Scalable Liquidity
Swap Providers
How does it work?
Swap Provider Reimbursement
Simple OTC Access
SmartSwap Liquidity Process
Swapping Process
Decentralzing the CEX Industry
Swap Value Limit Options
Communities






































SmartSwap Overview


SmartSwap is the world's first smart decentralized exchange that offers a multichain swap in just one click, without any slippage, on the smart.exchange layer zero protocol. The solution operates as a decentralized layer, providing access to liquidity from all market participants, including centralized exchanges (CEX) and over-the-counter (OTC) traders.






Zero Volatility 
SmartSwap utilizes a zero volatility patent pending method which prevents slippage and wholly reimburses users fees and gas costs. The swap works by letting users choose a token they want to swap (Token A) and then select a receiving token (Token B). Unlike a Decentralized Exchange (DEX) or Automated Market Maker (AMM), SmartSwap asks users the USD face value of the tokens they want to swap, rather than the token amount they want to receive. 


Furthermore, when the user sends $1000 face value of Token A to receive Token B there is no possibility for them to receive $999 or $1001. SmartSwap executes the order with the exact same face value. In the case of an unmatched swap (due to counterparty different order amount or market volatility) the SmartSwap alters the order to receive less of Token B in order to match the face value, or alternatively return any excess to the user of which it belongs. 


Example 1
Bob wants to swap $1,000 of Token A with Token B.
SmartSwap executes the order and sends Bob exactly $1,000 of Token B.


Example 2
Bob wants to swap $1,000 of Token A with Token B. 
At the time of the swap, only $500 worth of liquidity is available. 
SmartSwap executes 50% of the order and sends Bob $500 of Token B. 
The remainder of the $500 remains pending until liquidity is available.


Example 3
Bob wants to swap $1,000 of Token A with Token B. 
At the time of the swap, only $500 worth of liquidity is available.
SmartSwap executes 50% of the order and sends Bob $500 of Token B. 
The remainder of the $500 remains pending until liquidity is available.
After SmartSwap has more liquidity, the remaining $500 of Token A increases in value to $510. 
SmartSwap executes the order, sending Bob $510 of Token B. 


1-Click Cross-Chain
SmartSwap offers a revolutionary technology that enables cross-chain swaps between assets without any single point of failure or owner privileges. The cross-chain swap function is a true one-click swap between different blockchain networks, acting as a bridge between all EVM blockchain networks based around smart contracts, such as Ethereum and Binance Smart Chain.
At present, SmartSwap supports swaps between Binance Coin (BNB), Ethereum (ETH), and Matic Network, and has the capability to work with any EVM blockchain. This cutting-edge technology presents the first one-click swap that is not considered an atomic swap or reliant on time-locked swaps, making it a convenient and efficient solution for cross-chain transactions.




2-clicks Bitcoin Cross-chain
With SmartSwap technology, decentralized swapping between smart contract-based blockchains like Ethereum and non-smart contract-based blockchains such as Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash is made possible. Users can initiate swaps on SmartSwap anonymously, without any time limitations, by simply clicking twice: once to approve the transaction and once to execute the swap. Upon completion of the order (either fully or partially), the transfer of BTC to the user's wallet is executed automatically.






Forex Killer
SmartSwap's zero volatility solution eliminates the need for expensive arbitrage, which only benefits high-frequency Forex traders with advanced platforms and strategies. With the advent of government-issued digital currencies (CBDCs), anyone can trade these assets without the risk of slippage or incurring fees, bypassing traditional Forex markets.








Unlimited and Scalable Liquidity
Different from conventional Automated Market Makers (AMMs) such as Uniswap and PancakeSwap, SmartSwap does not utilize pools or liquidity provider (LP) tokens. Instead, its liquidity mechanism is based on peer-to-peer (P2P) counter parties, which can be either user-to-user or Swap Provider (SP) to user transactions.




Swap Providers
Anyone who has an account on a centralized exchange, such as Binance, can become a Swap Provider (SP) by using a simple decentralized API. The SPs bring liquidity to Smart Exchange, enabling them to earn automatic spread on their preferred tokens.


How does it work?
When users initiate token swaps on Smart Exchange, the protocol references the market price. The Swap Providers (SPs) purchase the tokens on their centralized exchange account via the API integrated into their account, with the API set to buy the tokens below the market price to earn a spread. This creates a continuous loop of buying, receiving, and repeating, similar to a fountain that mines more of the SP's desired tokens, such as Bitcoin, without the need to lock or wrap any tokens.
The SPs determine the desired spread they want to receive. If there isn't enough spread to be earned, instead of having the order remain pending, the user has the option to pay the difference and receive reimbursement in $SMART. With this method, orders will not linger for users who are in a hurry, allowing them to expedite a swap through the SP without affecting the SP's spread.










  







Swap provider Liquidity Process
1. User initiates a swap order
2. SmartSwap searches for a counterparty (Peer-to-Peer)
3. If there is partial liquidity, the SmartSwap will execute partial orders and will keep the remaining amount pending. 
4. If there is no counter party, the trader user has the option to expedite the order via Swap Providers 
5. If a counterparty is not found and there is not enough liquidity from Swap Providers, the swap will remain pending until the Swap Providers recycle their liquidity like a fountain.




Swap Provider Reimbursement
Swap Providers have the opportunity to receive full reimbursement for their gas and centralized exchange (CEX) fees. Users can claim these reimbursements through the reimbursement staking contract. To receive the reimbursements, users must stake an equal amount of $SMART for one year, but they have the option to withdraw a portion of the reimbursement at any time before the one-year period. The remaining balance accumulates and the user can claim it later. "




Example 
If over the year a user spent over $1000 or more on gas, at any time he can be reimbursed for such cost even if the $SMART token value is higher due to appreciation.
Simple OTC Access
SmartSwap provides a chance to decentralize the over-the-counter (OTC) market by enabling investors to execute large orders through self-custodied wallets on SmartSwap. OTC liquidity is then brought into the platform through Swap Providers (SPs). This creates a decentralized system for big orders and OTC trading.






Swap priority 
SmartSwap processes swaps using various methods and priority solutions. By default, SmartSwap will prioritize swapping between two users, as this results in each counterparty only paying for the gas cost of the send transaction, making it the more cost-effective option for both parties. If there is no available counterparty, the swap will be executed with the help of Swap Providers. In the event that the Swap Providers do not have enough liquidity, the order will be partially fulfilled and the remaining balance will remain pending until a new counterparty becomes available or until the Swap Providers refresh their liquidity. "


Example
* Bob wants to swap $1,000 of Token A for $1,000 of Token B.
* sends his order to SmartSwap and SmartSwap immediately identifies one counterparty that wants to swap $500 of Token B against Bob’s Token A.
* In this case, Bob receives the first $500 of Token B and the rest of the $500 in Token A remains pending until counterparties or Swap Providers provide liquidity.


Decentralzing the CEX Industry 
With SmartSwap, users can enjoy the benefits of CEX liquidity without the hassle of signing up for a centralized exchange, undergoing time-consuming KYC procedures on multiple platforms, or dealing with order book volatility. SmartSwap serves as




Swap Value Limit Options
The platform offers users the flexibility to manage their swap execution through the use of the swap value limit option. This feature enables users to either swap at the market value at the time of the swap or receive the exact amount they sent. This gives users more control over their swaps.
If a user opts to receive the exact amount sent, the swap remains pending until the desired value is available. If the user decides to cancel the swap while it's partially completed, only the remaining portion will be refunded, and the completed part will be processed as usual.






Example #1 No Swap Value Limit
* Bob wants to swap $1,000 of token A and receive whatever the current face value of token A and token B at the time of swapping 
* In the case that the price goes up by 5% Bob will get $1,050 worth of token B
* In the case that the price goes down by 5%, Bob will get $950
* In the case that there is not enough liquidity, Bob’s order remains pending until liquidity is available  


Example #2 Swap Value Limit Option
* Bob wants to swap $1,000 of token A with a swap limit so the price of the value received is not less than $1,000
* In the case that the price goes up by 5% Bob will get $1,050 worth of token B
* In the case that the price does down by 5%, the order remains pending until the market price will go up again to $1,000
* In the case that Bob’s order has partially completed $500 for example, the remaining $500 remains pending. If Bob cancels his order, the SmartSwap gives Bob back $500 of token B and $500 of token A